Add an easier way to integrate an MLIP-only architecture (#876)
metatensor/metatrain: docs/src/getting-started/checkpoints.rst

several dependencies and may become unusable if the corresponding architecture is
updated. In constrast, exported models (``.pt``) act as standalone files. For long-term
usage, you should export your model! Exporting a model is also necessary if you want to

> use it in other frameworks, especially in molecular simulations (see the examples).

Author: ```suggestion
use it in other frameworks, especially in molecular simulations (see the
:ref:`tutorials`).
```
